Docs - Add example using LiteLLM Proxy to call Groq API Models (#28)
groq/groq-api-cookbook: litellm-proxy-groq/README.md

> # Use LiteLLM Proxy to Call Groq AI API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use LiteLLM Proxy to Call Groq API
```

Use [LiteLLM Proxy](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/simple_proxy) for:

> - Calling 100+ LLMs Groq AI, OpenAI, Azure, Vertex, Bedrock/etc. in the OpenAI ChatCompletions & Completions format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calling 100+ LLMs on Groq, OpenAI, Azure, Vertex, Bedrock, and more in the OpenAI ChatCompletions & Completions format
```

- Track usage + set budgets with Virtual Keys

> Using [Groq AI API with LiteLLM](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/providers/groq)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using [Groq API with LiteLLM](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/providers/groq)
```

## Sample Usage

### Step 1. Create a Config for LiteLLM proxy

LiteLLM Requires a config with all your models define - we can call this file `litellm_config.yaml`

[Detailed docs on how to setup litellm config - here](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/proxy/configs)

```yaml
model_list:
  - model_name: groq-llama3 ### MODEL Alias ###
    litellm_params: # all params accepted by litellm.completion() - https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/completion/input
      model: groq/llama3-8b-8192 ### MODEL NAME sent to `litellm.completion()` ###
      api_key: "os.environ/GROQ_API_KEY" # does os.getenv("GROQ_API_KEY")

```

### Step 2. Start litellm proxy

```shell
docker run \
    -v $(pwd)/litellm_config.yaml:/app/config.yaml \
    -e GROQ_API_KEY=<your-groq-api-key>
    -p 4000:4000 \
    ghcr.io/berriai/litellm:main-latest \
    --config /app/config.yaml --detailed_debug
```

### Step 3. Test it! 

[Use with Langchain, LlamaIndex, Instructor, etc.](https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/proxy/user_keys)

```bash

> import openai

Reviewer 2: In the [Docs you link to](https://github.com/groq/groq-api-cookbook/blob/b89d34f4a889edaeb99f314f6b399ce7962903a8/litellm-proxy-groq/README.md) the code is different (`from litellm import completion` instead of the OpenAI package). Are both usages valid?

Author: <img width="867" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-24 at 2 36 31 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/355a0a89-0eb3-4e3f-85f3-ed0d2e847b8d">

just updated the doc on litellm proxy to show how to do this too

Author: https://docs.litellm.ai/docs/providers/groq#usage-with-litellm-proxy

    base_url="http://0.0.0.0:4000"
)

response = client.chat.completions.create(
    model="groq-llama3",
    messages = [
        {
            "role": "user",
            "content": "this is a test request, write a short poem"
        }
    ]
)

print(response)
```

## Tool Calling 

```python
from openai import OpenAI
client = OpenAI(api_key="anything", base_url="http://0.0.0.0:4000") # set base_url to litellm proxy endpoint

tools = [
  {
    "type": "function",
    "function": {
      "name": "get_current_weather",
      "description": "Get the current weather in a given location",
      "parameters": {
        "type": "object",
        "properties": {
          "location": {
            "type": "string",
            "description": "The city and state, e.g. San Francisco, CA",
          },
          "unit": {"type": "string", "enum": ["celsius", "fahrenheit"]},
        },
        "required": ["location"],
      },
    }
  }
]
messages = [{"role": "user", "content": "What's the weather like in Boston today?"}]
completion = client.chat.completions.create(
  model="groq-llama3",
  messages=messages,
  tools=tools,
  tool_choice="auto"
)

print(completion)

```

> ## Supported Groq AI API Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Groq API Models
```

**ALL MODELS SUPPORTED**. 

Just add `groq/` to the beginning of the model name.

Example models: 

> LiteLLM Supports 💥 ALL groq models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LiteLLM Supports 💥 ALL Groq models
```

| Model Name         | Usge                                        |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| llama3-8b-8192     | `completion(model="groq/llama3-8b-8192", messages)`     | 
| llama3-70b-8192    | `completion(model="groq/llama3-70b-8192", messages)`    | 

> | llama2-70b-4096    | `completion(model="groq/llama2-70b-4096", messages)`    | 

Reviewer 2: Groq has deprecated the `llama2-70b-4096` model. Perhaps use `gemma2-9b-it` instead?

Author: updated
